Office Hours - October 15, 2015
===============================

Requested practice functions
----------------------------

### Function problem 1

Create a function that takes in an integer as an argument and returns the number
divided by two.

### Function problem 2

Create a function that takes in two integers as an argument and returns their
product.

### Function problem 3

Create a function that takes in an array as an argument and returns its last element

### Function problem 4

Create a function that takes in two arrays and returns the array with greater length

### Function problem 5

Create a function that takes in an array and returns the string "even" if the array
has an even number of elements, and returns "odd" if the array has an odd number of elements,
and returns "empty" if the array has no elements.

### Function problem 6

Create a function that takes in no arguments and returns the number 42

### Function problem 7

Create a function named `is_even` that takes in an integer and returns
boolean `true` if the integer is even, `false` otherwise.

### Function problem 8

Create a function named `contains` that takes in two arguments, `$arr` and `$el`.
The function should return boolean `true` if the array `$arr` contains the element `$el`.
The function should return false otherwise.

### Function problem 9

Create a function named `intersection` that takes in two sequential arrays as arguments. The function
should return the elements that both arrays have in common.

### Function problem 10

Create a function named `factorial` that takes an integer as an argument. The function
should exhibit the following behavior:

* `factorial(5) == 120 == 5 * 4 * 3 * 2 * 1`
* `factorial(4) == 24 == 4 * 3 * 2 * 1 `

### Function problem 11

Create a function named `is_joe_awesome` that takes no arguments and always returns `true`.
Don't mess this one up.
